Hello everyone, welcome to lesson one.
In this lesson we're gonna be
going over what OS to choose for
your DragonBoard as well as how to
install it on to your DragonBoard 410c.
>> So first we'll give you the break
down on Android in the DragonBoard 410c.
R and I will kind of go over the pros and
cons of having that OS
in your DragonBoard.
>> And then we'll go over Ubuntu and
why it's good to have it,
why it might be better to go Android.
>> And lastly, we'll show you the
different types of method installations
that are available for
the DragonBoard 410c, as well as
directing you to the appropriate lessons
depending on which method you choose and
which operating system
you end up choosing.
So stick around and we'll see you then.